Fireworks Announcer says, ''How about a bright blue one? Launch it now!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''How about a bright green one? Launch it now!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''How about a bright red one? Launch it now!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''How about a bright yellow one? Launch it now!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''How about something besides blue? Launch it now!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''How about something besides green? Launch it now!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''How about something besides red? Launch it now!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''How about something besides yellow? Launch it now!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Let's dazzle the crowd with a firework that is blue!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Let's dazzle the crowd with a firework that is green!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Let's dazzle the crowd with a firework that is red!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Let's dazzle the crowd with a firework that is yellow!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Let's dazzle the crowd with a firework that isn't blue!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Let's dazzle the crowd with a firework that isn't green!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Let's dazzle the crowd with a firework that isn't red!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Let's dazzle the crowd with a firework that isn't yellow!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Quickly, launch a firework that's not blue high into the sky!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Quickly, launch a firework that's not green high into the sky!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Quickly, launch a firework that's not red high into the sky!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Quickly, launch a firework that's not yellow high into the sky!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Quickly, launch a blue firework high into the sky!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Quickly, launch a green firework high into the sky!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Quickly, launch a red firework high into the sky!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Quickly, launch a yellow firework high into the sky!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Send up a blue firework, this is the perfect time for one!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Send up a green firework, this is the perfect time for one!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Send up a red firework, this is the perfect time for one!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Send up a yellow firework, this is the perfect time for one!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Send up anything except a blue firework; this will be unexpected!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Send up anything except a green firework; this will be unexpected!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Send up anything except a red firework; this will be unexpected!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''Send up anything except a yellow firework; this will be unexpected!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''This is not the time for blue fireworks, but any other colour will do!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''This is not the time for green fireworks, but any other colour will do!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''This is not the time for red fireworks, but any other colour will do!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''This is not the time for yellow fireworks, but any other colour will do!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''This is not the time for resting, launch your blue fireworks!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''This is not the time for resting, launch your green fireworks!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''This is not the time for resting, launch your red fireworks!''
Fireworks Announcer says, ''This is not the time for resting, launch your yellow fireworks!''